### Question 1: Your tasks are to download a Jinja2 Template called `mydomain-hostfile1.j2` from the below url 
- `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anishrana2001/Openshift/refs/heads/main/RHCE/V-9.0/mydomain-hostfile1.j2` 
- Jinj2 template file must be located in the `/home/student/ansible` directory.
- Update the `webserver` host group in the `/etc/temp-myhosts` file from the above jinja2  template.
- Create a playbook with the name `host-modify-quest1.yaml` in the `/home/student/ansible` directory for these tasks.
---

### Solution:
- Step 1. Download the file with named `mydomain-hostfile1.j2` from the mentioned URL.
- Step 2. Update the `webserver` host group so that it will create/update the file `/etc/temp-myhosts`

```
---
- name: Collect the all node information
hosts: webserver
tasks:
- name: copy the template to the managed node
ansible.builtin.template:
src: mydomain-hostfile1.j2
dest: /etc/temp-myhosts
```


### Question 2: Your tasks are to download a Jinja2 Template called `mydomain-hostfile2.j2` from below url 
- `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anishrana2001/Openshift/refs/heads/main/RHCE/V-9.0/mydomain-hostfile2.j2` 
- Jinj2 template file must be located in the `/home/student/ansible` directory.
- Modify the jinj2 teamplate so that it will match file `host.yaml`. This file is available in the URL `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anishrana2001/Openshift/refs/heads/main/RHCE/V-9.0/host.yaml`
- Download the file `host.yaml` in the `/home/student/ansible` directory.
- Update the `myprod` host group in the `/etc/temp-myhosts` file from the above jinja2 template.
- Create a playbook with the name `host-modify-quest2.yaml` in the `/home/student/ansible` directory for these tasks.
---

### Solution:
- Step 1. Download the file with named `mydomain-hostfile2.j2` from the mentioned URL in the `/home/student/ansible` directory
- Step 2. Download the file with named `host.yaml` in the `/home/student/ansible` directory
- Step 3. Update the Jinja2 template so that it will match the content of `host.yaml`. Here, we need to add the ansible variables.
- Step 4. create a ansible-playbook with the name `host-modify-quest2.yaml` in the `/home/student/ansible` directory.
